---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snowsql_exec Resource - terraform-provider-snowsql"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snowsql_exec (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `create` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specifies the SnowSQL create lifecycle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--create))
- `delete` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Specifies the SnowSQL delete lifecycle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--delete))
- `name` (String) Specifies the identifier for the SnowSQL resource.

### Optional

- `read` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies the SnowSQL read lifecycle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--read))
- `update` (Block List, Max: 1) Specifies the SnowSQL update lifecycle. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--update))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `read_results` (String, Sensitive) The List of read query results.

<a id="nestedblock--create"></a>
### Nested Schema for `create`

Required:

- `statements` (String) A string containing one or many SnowSQL statements separated by semicolons. it's worth noting that splitting queries in this way is not always reliable since some SQL statements (e.g., CREATE FUNCTION) can contain semicolons within the statement itself.

Optional:

- `number_of_statements` (Number) A string containing one or many SnowSQL statements separated by semicolons. it's worth noting that splitting queries in this way is not always reliable since some SQL statements (e.g., CREATE FUNCTION) can contain semicolons within the statement itself.


<a id="nestedblock--delete"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delete`

Required:

- `statements` (String) A string containing one or many SnowSQL statements separated by semicolons.

Optional:

- `number_of_statements` (Number) Specifies the number of SnowSQL statements. If not provided, the default value is the count of semicolons in SnowSQL statements.


<a id="nestedblock--read"></a>
### Nested Schema for `read`

Required:

- `statements` (String) A string containing one or many SnowSQL statements separated by semicolons.

Optional:

- `number_of_statements` (Number) Specifies the number of SnowSQL statements. If not provided, the default value is the count of semicolons in SnowSQL statements.


<a id="nestedblock--update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update`

Required:

- `statements` (String) A string containing one or many SnowSQL statements separated by semicolons.

Optional:

- `number_of_statements` (Number) Specifies the number of SnowSQL statements. If not provided, the default value is the count of semicolons in SnowSQL statements.


